Add accton-as4630-54pe related documentation (#133)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: limitations_and_known_issues.md

As documented in the currently open upstream FRR issue [#7299](https://github.com/FRRouting/frr/issues/7299), some routes may get dropped or are not correctly received when ports are flapping during EIGRP session establishment. For now, we recommend the workaround of restarting FRR after all ports are up if this behavior is observed.

## Link speed setting with interfaces cabled with fiber

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port.

Reviewer: After a few tests, there seem to be a general issue with fiber, regardless of autoneg or not.

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port.

Reviewer: as a workaround, sticking

```
phy control 53-54 preemphasis=0x124106
```

Seems to make it link up with 40g and 100g with fiber on the 100g ports. The 25g ports seem to be unaffected.

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port.

Author: Should the workaround be built into the image?

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port.

Reviewer: We already finalized the release images, unless we want to cancel the release no.

> As documented in the currently open upstream FRR issue [#7299](https://github.com/FRRouting/frr/issues/7299), some routes may get dropped or are not correctly received when ports are flapping during EIGRP session establishment. For now, we recommend the workaround of restarting FRR after all ports are up if this behavior is observed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As documented in the currently open upstream FRR issue [#7299](https://github.com/FRRouting/frr/issues/7299), some routes may get dropped or are not correctly received when ports are flapping during EIGRP session establishment. For now, we recommend the workaround of restarting FRR after all ports are up if this behaviour is observed.
```

Author: Dropping as the change is not relevant for the PR.

> ## Accton-AS4630-54pe: Link speed setting with interfaces cabled with fiber

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Accton-AS4630-54PE: Link speed setting with interfaces cabled with fiber
```

> ## Accton-AS4630-54PE: Link speed setting with interfaces cabled with fiber

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Accton-AS4630-54PE: Link speed setting for interfaces connected with optical modules
```

Affected versions: 4.4 - current
  

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.
```

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform does not seem to autonegotiate consistently with the cabled fiber port. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.

Reviewer: This still doesn't have to do anything with autonegotiation. 

The 100G ports currently do not properly link with link speeds other than 100G on fiber connections. Regardless if autoneg is enabled or not. And it only affects the 100G ports, the 25G port work fine in both 10G and 25G.

> The Accton AS4630-54PE platform does not seem to set the link speed consistently with the cabled fiber port. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform may not properly establish a link when using a fiber connection on the 100G ports. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.
```

> The Accton AS4630-54PE platform may not properly establish a link when using a fiber connection on the 100G ports. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform may not properly establish a link when using optical 100G modules. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.
```

```
phy control 53-54 preemphasis=0x124106
```

> ## Accton-AS4630-54pe: LEDs for the SFP interfaces are stuck on white

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Accton-AS4630-54PE: LEDs for the SFP interfaces are stuck on white
```

> ## Accton-AS4630-54PE: LEDs for the SFP interfaces are stuck on white

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Accton-AS4630-54PE: LEDs for the SFP interfaces signal in white colour
```

Affected versions: 4.4 - current

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces maybe stuck on white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces maybe stuck on white.
```

> The Accton AS4630-54pe platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces maybe stuck on white.

Reviewer: Unless something recently changed, they are always stuck on white.

> The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces always stuck on white.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces are always stuck on white.
```

> The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces are always stuck on white.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces currently only use white colour for link and traffic signalling.
```

Reviewer: No, they are lighting up white regardless of link or speed or if there is a module. All 6 LEDs currently are white in the testing setup, despite only 4 having a module inserted.

Reviewer: Also IIRC they don't blink.

As documented in the currently open upstream FRR issue [#7299](https://github.com/FRRouting/frr/issues/7299), some routes may get dropped or are not correctly received when ports are flapping during EIGRP session establishment. For now, we recommend the workaround of restarting FRR after all ports are up if this behavior is observed.

## Accton-AS4630-54PE: Link speed setting for interfaces connected with optical modules

Affected versions: 4.4 - current
  
The Accton AS4630-54PE platform may not properly establish a link when using optical 100G modules. As a workaround, add the following configuration into `/etc/ofdpa/rc.soc`.

```
phy control 53-54 preemphasis=0x124106
```

## Accton-AS4630-54PE: LEDs for the SFP interfaces signal in white colour

Affected versions: 4.4 - current

The Accton AS4630-54PE platform LEDs for the SFP interfaces are always stuck on white.

## Accton-AS4630-54PE: PoE driver does not read from the correct i2c path 

Affected versions: 4.4 - current

The i2c path for the poe driver for the accton as4630-54pe is present under /sys/kernel/debug/16-002.

> Refer to https://github.com/bisdn/meta-open-network-linux/pull/24.

Reviewer: Since I cannot add suggestions with codeblocks, here the raw thingy:

The `poectl` utility uses a wrong path to access the poe controller device.

To work around this, edit `/usr/sbin/poectl` and change

```
systempath=/sys/kernel/debug/i2c-16-0020
```
to

```
systempath=/sys/kernel/debug/16-0020
```
